README.md, before:

# Overview
This is a classic guess coin game (Heads or Tails) implemented by the Chialisp. It is an absolutely fair P2P game based on the Chia blockchain. You can play with anyone in the world without custody.

# Requirements
 - You need to run the game with a synced Chia full node (Wallet)
 - Python 3.7.5+
 - Some Mojos (XCH)

# Installation

    git clone https://github.com/ytx1991/ChiaHeadsOrTails.git
    cd ChiaHeadsOrTails
    pip install -r requirements.txt
# Configuration
Change the config.ini file before the play or I will get all your wins :D

    [GameSetting]
    ;The wallet address you want receive the reward Mojos
    RewardPuzzleHash=0x59545e1cf881294a631dc96772cf64605e6f6943d4214a32e43c32aa02b7ec21
    ;A pair of BLS keys, it's not your wallet key. You can create a new Chia wallet and get a pair of keys. The keys must be unique.
    SignPrivateKey=0x2423cdec6398dd75917827344e8f77c968521008578a9b06cddf309e119ee4d1
    SignPublicKey=0xafc5afdd4f567c38138430dbd7e2c5f4a079602739e94625e94540f23bf0f91cb003388ece0044f437515dc7fae3f2d1
    FreezeSeconds=302400

# How to play
![Overview](HoT.png)

1 Dealer of the game starts a new game. It will create a local key file and return a game hash.
Example:

    F:\Projects\ChiaHeadsOrTails>python game.py new
    The mojos you bet for this game (1 XCH = 1000000000000 mojo): 100
    You flipped the coin and saw it is (HEAD or TAIL): HEAD
    PLEASE SAFELY KEEP THE 76c4d49d76722bae088a4bc12bb341be0225e9e307f4bb7104345e8a02efe61b.key FILE and FILE NAME, OTHERWISE YOU WILL LOSE!
    Now, please transfer your bet 100 mojos to the dealer coin address xch1dvakrdefuhty9yytusda8qshxa3vttz5jmke3havsn46nmz4v4wqthc9e8.
    You can track the transaction at https://chia.tt/info/address/xch1dvakrdefuhty9yytusda8qshxa3vttz5jmke3havsn46nmz4v4wqthc9e8
    Send the game hash to your friends to start the game:
    0x59545e1cf881294a631dc96772cf64605e6f6943d4214a32e43c32aa02b7ec21|100|0x76c4d49d76722bae088a4bc12bb341be0225e9e307f4bb7104345e8a02efe61b|100|0x6b3b61b729e5d642908be41bd382173762c5ac5496ed98dfac84eba9ec55655c
    NOTE: As the dealer you need to reveal the winner in 100 seconds after the player committed the guess.

 2 Dealer pays the bet to the dealer coin address. You can use the chia UI client to do this. Remember the unit is Mojo not XCH. A new dealer coin will be created after the payment confirmed.
 3 Dealer publishing the game hash to the world. Anyone who know the game hash can join the game.
 4 Player inputs the game hash. It will return a player coin address

    F:\Projects\ChiaHeadsOrTails>python game.py play
    Input the game hash you want to play: 0x59545e1cf881294a631dc96772cf64605e6f6943d4214a32e43c32aa02b7ec21|100|0x76c4d49d76722bae088a4bc12bb341be0225e9e307f4bb7104345e8a02efe61b|100|0x6b3b61b729e5d642908be41bd382173762c5ac5496ed98dfac84eba9ec55655c
    This is a valid game.
    Now you need to pay your bet 100 mojos to address xch1d4gq0dsgp9tgxqpk04mem7w43lnfuxr6cn4jlaexqtt4qwzn8gmsksharm before the guess.
    You can track the transaction at https://chia.tt/info/address/xch1d4gq0dsgp9tgxqpk04mem7w43lnfuxr6cn4jlaexqtt4qwzn8gmsksharm

5 Player pays the bet to the player coin address. You can use the chia UI client to do this. Remember the unit is Mojo not XCH. A new playercoin will be created after the payment confirmed
6 Player makes a guess (HEAD or TAIL) and commit the game. No one can refund after the commit. Mojos from dealer & player coins will send to the stake coin.

    F:\Projects\ChiaHeadsOrTails>python game.py commit
    Input the game hash you want to commit: 0x59545e1cf881294a631dc96772cf64605e6f6943d4214a32e43c32aa02b7ec21|100|0x76c4d49d76722bae088a4bc12bb341be0225e9e307f4bb7104345e8a02efe61b|100|0x6b3b61b729e5d642908be41bd382173762c5ac5496ed98dfac84eba9ec55655c
    You guess the coin is (HEAD or TAIL): HEAD
    {'status': 'SUCCESS', 'success': True}
    The game is set. Wait the dealer reveal the winner. If the game is timeout you can claim all Mojos by the "timeout" command.

7a Dealer needs to reveal the winner before the timeout (set by the dealer). If the player guess is wrong then the dealer will win the game. All Mojos will send to the winner wallet address.

    F:\Projects\ChiaHeadsOrTails>python game.py reveal
    Input the game hash you want to reveal: 0x59545e1cf881294a631dc96772cf64605e6f6943d4214a32e43c32aa02b7ec21|100|0x54910a2489aec3f015e4473129bdd47c052bced441a681ee05e4de225bd16752|302400|0xc8e4cf0346d30e1344bb05f32bc5eff28ca4ec6ad63a66aabce564b64a20f4eb
    Reveal key is B2BBFFRA4S7KUC9N
    Dealer coin 0010fcfe7a76e124ae3cb8b15ae005e1d8645e5e8f2d949313553a98f845b050 spent, revealing the winner ...
    Player 0x59545e1cf881294a631dc96772cf64605e6f6943d4214a32e43c32aa02b7ec21 guessed the coin is TAIL
    {'status': 'SUCCESS', 'success': True}
    You win! 200 mojo will send to your address 0x59545e1cf881294a631dc96772cf64605e6f6943d4214a32e43c32aa02b7ec21.

7b Player can claim all Mojos if the dealer doesn't reveal the winner before the time out.

    F:\Projects\ChiaHeadsOrTails>python game.py timeout
    Input the game hash you think it is timeout: 0x59545e1cf881294a631dc96772cf64605e6f6943d4214a32e43c32aa02b7ec21|100|0x76c4d49d76722bae088a4bc12bb341be0225e9e307f4bb7104345e8a02efe61b|100|0x6b3b61b729e5d642908be41bd382173762c5ac5496ed98dfac84eba9ec55655c
    Trying to withdraw timeout game ...
    Dealer coin f3dfb6b58150d3c6312f5ff969b308f73add15b49b384a083da5d2b82ddcd811 spent, revealing the winner ...
    Player 0x59545e1cf881294a631dc96772cf64605e6f6943d4214a32e43c32aa02b7ec21 guessed the coin is HEAD
    {'status': 'SUCCESS', 'success': True}
    You win! 200 mojo will send to your address 0x59545e1cf881294a631dc96772cf64605e6f6943d4214a32e43c32aa02b7ec21.

# Q & A

## Can I refund my bet?
Sure, but only before the game set. You can use the "refund" command to do it.
## I don't have any Mojo, how to play?
You don't have to pay the bet by youself. As long as you get the coin address, you can ask you friends pay the bet for you.
## Why this is a fair game?
Everything is locked by the Chialisp. No one can cheat the blockchain. You  cannot refuse to acknowledge the winner or change the commit guess / fact.

Commit message:

Add more details in RM

README.md, after:

# Overview
This is a classic guess coin game (Heads or Tails) implemented by the Chialisp. It is an absolutely fair P2P game based on the Chia blockchain. You can play with anyone in the world without custody.

# Requirements
 - You need to run the game with a synced Chia full node (Wallet)
 - Python 3.7.5+
 - Some Mojos (XCH)

# Installation

    git clone https://github.com/ytx1991/ChiaHeadsOrTails.git
    cd ChiaHeadsOrTails
    pip install -r requirements.txt
# Configuration
Change the config.ini file before the play or I will get all your wins :D

    [GameSetting]
    ;The wallet address you want receive the reward Mojos
    RewardPuzzleHash=0x59545e1cf881294a631dc96772cf64605e6f6943d4214a32e43c32aa02b7ec21
    ;A pair of BLS keys, it's not your wallet key. You can create a new Chia wallet and get a pair of keys. The keys must be unique.
    SignPrivateKey=0x2423cdec6398dd75917827344e8f77c968521008578a9b06cddf309e119ee4d1
    SignPublicKey=0xafc5afdd4f567c38138430dbd7e2c5f4a079602739e94625e94540f23bf0f91cb003388ece0044f437515dc7fae3f2d1
    FreezeSeconds=302400

# How to play
![Overview](HoT.png)

1 Dealer of the game starts a new game. It will create a local key file and return a game hash.
Example:

    F:\Projects\ChiaHeadsOrTails>python game.py new
    The mojos you bet for this game (1 XCH = 1000000000000 mojo): 100
    You flipped the coin and saw it is (HEAD or TAIL): HEAD
    PLEASE SAFELY KEEP THE 76c4d49d76722bae088a4bc12bb341be0225e9e307f4bb7104345e8a02efe61b.key FILE and FILE NAME, OTHERWISE YOU WILL LOSE!
    Now, please transfer your bet 100 mojos to the dealer coin address xch1dvakrdefuhty9yytusda8qshxa3vttz5jmke3havsn46nmz4v4wqthc9e8.
    You can track the transaction at https://chia.tt/info/address/xch1dvakrdefuhty9yytusda8qshxa3vttz5jmke3havsn46nmz4v4wqthc9e8
    Send the game hash to your friends to start the game:
    0x59545e1cf881294a631dc96772cf64605e6f6943d4214a32e43c32aa02b7ec21|100|0x76c4d49d76722bae088a4bc12bb341be0225e9e307f4bb7104345e8a02efe61b|100|0x6b3b61b729e5d642908be41bd382173762c5ac5496ed98dfac84eba9ec55655c
    NOTE: As the dealer you need to reveal the winner in 100 seconds after the player committed the guess.

 2 Dealer pays the bet to the dealer coin address. You can use the chia UI client to do this. Remember the unit is Mojo not XCH and you need to EXACT amount of Mojos. A new dealer coin will be created after the payment confirmed.
 3 Dealer publishing the game hash to the world. Anyone who know the game hash can join the game.
 4 Player inputs the game hash. It will return a player coin address

    F:\Projects\ChiaHeadsOrTails>python game.py play
    Input the game hash you want to play: 0x59545e1cf881294a631dc96772cf64605e6f6943d4214a32e43c32aa02b7ec21|100|0x76c4d49d76722bae088a4bc12bb341be0225e9e307f4bb7104345e8a02efe61b|100|0x6b3b61b729e5d642908be41bd382173762c5ac5496ed98dfac84eba9ec55655c
    This is a valid game.
    Now you need to pay your bet 100 mojos to address xch1d4gq0dsgp9tgxqpk04mem7w43lnfuxr6cn4jlaexqtt4qwzn8gmsksharm before the guess.
    You can track the transaction at https://chia.tt/info/address/xch1d4gq0dsgp9tgxqpk04mem7w43lnfuxr6cn4jlaexqtt4qwzn8gmsksharm

5 Player pays the bet to the player coin address. You can use the chia UI client to do this. Remember the unit is Mojo not XCH and you need to EXACT amount of Mojos. A new playercoin will be created after the payment confirmed
6 Player makes a guess (HEAD or TAIL) and commit the game. No one can refund after the commit. Mojos from dealer & player coins will send to the stake coin.

    F:\Projects\ChiaHeadsOrTails>python game.py commit
    Input the game hash you want to commit: 0x59545e1cf881294a631dc96772cf64605e6f6943d4214a32e43c32aa02b7ec21|100|0x76c4d49d76722bae088a4bc12bb341be0225e9e307f4bb7104345e8a02efe61b|100|0x6b3b61b729e5d642908be41bd382173762c5ac5496ed98dfac84eba9ec55655c
    You guess the coin is (HEAD or TAIL): HEAD
    {'status': 'SUCCESS', 'success': True}
    The game is set. Wait the dealer reveal the winner. If the game is timeout you can claim all Mojos by the "timeout" command.

7a Dealer needs to reveal the winner before the timeout (set by the dealer). If the player guess is wrong then the dealer will win the game. All Mojos will send to the winner wallet address.

    F:\Projects\ChiaHeadsOrTails>python game.py reveal
    Input the game hash you want to reveal: 0x59545e1cf881294a631dc96772cf64605e6f6943d4214a32e43c32aa02b7ec21|100|0x54910a2489aec3f015e4473129bdd47c052bced441a681ee05e4de225bd16752|302400|0xc8e4cf0346d30e1344bb05f32bc5eff28ca4ec6ad63a66aabce564b64a20f4eb
    Reveal key is B2BBFFRA4S7KUC9N
    Dealer coin 0010fcfe7a76e124ae3cb8b15ae005e1d8645e5e8f2d949313553a98f845b050 spent, revealing the winner ...
    Player 0x59545e1cf881294a631dc96772cf64605e6f6943d4214a32e43c32aa02b7ec21 guessed the coin is TAIL
    {'status': 'SUCCESS', 'success': True}
    You win! 200 mojo will send to your address 0x59545e1cf881294a631dc96772cf64605e6f6943d4214a32e43c32aa02b7ec21.

7b Player can claim all Mojos if the dealer doesn't reveal the winner before the time out.

    F:\Projects\ChiaHeadsOrTails>python game.py timeout
    Input the game hash you think it is timeout: 0x59545e1cf881294a631dc96772cf64605e6f6943d4214a32e43c32aa02b7ec21|100|0x76c4d49d76722bae088a4bc12bb341be0225e9e307f4bb7104345e8a02efe61b|100|0x6b3b61b729e5d642908be41bd382173762c5ac5496ed98dfac84eba9ec55655c
    Trying to withdraw timeout game ...
    Dealer coin f3dfb6b58150d3c6312f5ff969b308f73add15b49b384a083da5d2b82ddcd811 spent, revealing the winner ...
    Player 0x59545e1cf881294a631dc96772cf64605e6f6943d4214a32e43c32aa02b7ec21 guessed the coin is HEAD
    {'status': 'SUCCESS', 'success': True}
    You win! 200 mojo will send to your address 0x59545e1cf881294a631dc96772cf64605e6f6943d4214a32e43c32aa02b7ec21.

# Q & A

## What is a Game Hash
Game Hash is a unique string represents a game. It has fixed format and useful information.

Game Hash format: DEALER_REWARD_ADDRESS|BET_AMOUNT_MOJO|TOSS_HASH|FREEZE_SECONDS|DEALER_COIN_PUZZLE

DEALER_REWARD_ADDRESS: The wallet address of the dealer

BET_AMOUNT_MOJO: The bet for the game in Mojo. Both dealer and player have to pay same amount of Mojo.

TOSS_HASH: A random encrypted string, indicates the coin is HEAD or TAIL. It is hash by a random key owned by the dealer.

FREEZE_SECONDS: The reaction time for the dealer to reveal the winner after the player commit the game. If the dealer cannot reveal the winner in time than the player can withdraw all the Mojo.

DEALER_COIN_PUZZLE: The puzzle hash of the dealer coin for this game.

## Can I refund my bet?
Sure, but only before the game set. You can use the "refund" command to do it.

## I paid wrong amount of Mojo, what should I do?
You must pay the exact amount of Mojo to continue the game. No matter you paid less or more, you should refund you bet first then pay again.

## I don't have any Mojo, how to play?
You don't have to pay the bet by youself. As long as you get the coin address, you can ask you friends pay the bet for you.

## Why this is a fair game?
Everything is locked by the Chialisp. No one can cheat the blockchain. You  cannot refuse to acknowledge the winner or change the commit guess / fact.
